---
ID: 1289
post_title: 'Trip Booking &#038; Refund Policy'
author: peranakan francis
post_excerpt: ""
layout: page
permalink: >
  https://trekkingtopnepal.com/trip-booking-and-refund-policy/
published: true
post_date: 2018-10-16 22:54:19
---
<!-- wp:list {"ordered":true} -->
<ol><li>All bookings are made with Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd., which is registered company in Nepal whose registered office is in 7 Corner Street (Saat Ghumti Marg), Thamel Kathmandu, 44600 Nepal.</li><li>The term "trip" used in the website and booking conditions refers to all itineraries described on this website including those which might otherwise be known as walking, tours, treks, sightseeing, climbing, mountaineering, expeditions or holidays.</li><li>Free trip cancellation available 30 days prior departure.</li><li>40% cancellation fees levied out of upfront sum before 14 days trip departure</li><li>70% cancellation fees levied out of upfront payment before 7 day departure</li><li>During the booking full payment or at least 20% of the total amount, a non-refundable (2 days prior trip departure) booking deposit is required for every trip booking per person. Booking deposit can be made by Credit Card (Visa or MasterCard); the information has been provided while proceed to our online booking system.</li><li>The remaining balance will be made upon your arrival in Kathmandu, Nepal. If final payment is not received before of your departure, cancellation conditions will apply as per the clause below. Final trip documentation will be released upon full trip payment.</li><li>If you cancel your trip that you will loss of monies you paid and applies to all cancelled reservations. The date of trip cancellation is the date on which the written cancellation is received by the company. If you cancelled your trip 15 days prior to your trip departure date, we will be levied cancellation charge of full advanced amount.</li><li>No refunds will be made if you voluntarily leave a trip for any reason after the trip has begun. Refunds will be at the discretion of the company if you are involuntarily forced to leave a trip for any reason. No refunds will be made for any accommodation, transport, sightseeing, meals or services not utilized. Please note that these conditions are subject to change.</li><li>The company reserves the right to cancel any trip you booked; besides it is guaranteed to run. A trip is guaranteed to run once it has two fully paid travelers, unless minimum numbers state otherwise.<br/>If the company cancels a departure which is guaranteed to run we will full refund the trip price, plus you are entitled to take an alternative trip or postpone of the same value without charge. A provision to the company reserves full right to cancel any trip, including a guaranteed trip, prior to departure due to reasons beyond its' control (i.e.: natural disasters, flight cancel, consequences of strikes, industrial action, wars, riots, sickness, quarantine, government intervention, weather conditions, or other untoward occurrences ). In such a case, the company will refund the trip price only.</li><li>All amendment and cancellation fees apply only to trips listed on this site. A cancellation of a trip constitutes a cancellation as per above. If you wish to change your booking in any way, the following fees will apply.</li><li>If the booking amendment request is received by the company, 7 days or more prior to your original trip departure - US$50.00 per person if the booking amendment request is received by the company less than 2 days to your original trip departure - charges as per cancellation fees. If there has been any change in the price of the trip you change your booking to and from the time of your original booking to the time of the amendment, the new trip price will apply to the reservation. These fees are in addition to any charges levied by hotels, and other suppliers to the company.</li><li>Changes to any other arrangements made in conjunction with your trip booking (e.g.: hotels, transfers, etc.): amendments to any other arrangements made in conjunction with your trip reservation may incur an administration fee of US$20.00 per booking per change. This fee is in addition to any charges levied by hotels, ground operators or airlines.<br/>It may not be possible to make any amendments to your booking within 2 days of departure. Fees for late changes will vary from a minimum of US$50.00 upward per booking, if the change can be made.</li><li>It is a condition of joining any trip with Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd. that you are insured against medical and personal accident risks. This insurance must include medical coverage, air ambulance and helicopter rescue services. We also strongly recommend that you take out cancellation insurance. You should be aware that some policies do not include, or restrict, cover for this type of travel. You must ensure that the policy you do take provides an adequate level of protection and covers you for the activities involved.</li><li>You must carry proof of insurance (e.g. your insurance certificate) with you on the holiday; if you cannot provide this at the start of the holiday, you will be required to take out a suitable policy at that time. If this is not done or impossible for practical reasons, then you will not be allowed to continue with your trip and will not be entitled to any refund for services not provided. We do not advice to get Insurance here in Kathmandu. You must carry a valid passport and have obtained the appropriate visas when traveling with the company. Please ensure your passport is valid for 6 months beyond the duration of the trip. It is your responsibility to ensure that you are in possession of the correct visas for the countries you are traveling to, and Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd. cannot accept responsibility if you are refused entry to a country or places because you lack the correct visa documentation.</li><li>When booking with Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd. you understand that Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd. runs adventure trips, where accommodation, transport, safety, hygiene, telecommunication facilities, level of infrastructure development and medical facilities are not the same that you are used to at home, or would find on a conventional holiday. This type of holiday inherently involves a high level of personal risk, which you agree to fully assume.</li><li>You understand that during the course of the trip certain events may occur, including, but not limited to, accident or illness in remote places without medical facilities, political instability and the forces of nature. You agree to assume all risks associated with the journey to the maximum extent permitted by Nepalese law.<br/>You acknowledge that travel with Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd. requires a degree of flexibility, and understand that the trip route, accommodation and modes of transport are subject to change without prior notice due to local circumstances.</li><li>Should Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd. deem it advisable to amend an itinerary for any reason, it may do so by shortening, varying or re-routing any trip. These changes are binding and additional expenses will be charged to you if the reason for any alteration is outside Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd. control.</li><li>While traveling with Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd. you agree to accept the authority of the trip leader or local operator at all times. You are aware that travel within a group may involve compromise to accommodate the diverse desires and physical abilities of group members. You understand that Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd. reserves the right to decline, accept, or retain any person as a member of the group at any time.</li><li>You acknowledge that Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd. contracts with a network of companies, government agencies and individuals, to assist in the running of its tours, treks, walking, holidays &amp; expeditions. To the best of Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd. knowledge, these third parties are qualified to perform the duties they are contracted to perform. However Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd. will not be held liable for any injury, damage, loss, delay or irregularity that may occur due to the behavior of these third parties.<br/>Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd. will not accept responsibility or liability for any traveler who contravenes any law or regulation of any country visited.</li><li>No employee, representative or agent of Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd. other then company head or director to vary these conditions. This agreement is governed by the laws of the Government of Nepal.</li><li>Participants must be in good health and physical condition. It is vital that participants with pre-existing medical problems or conditions make these know to Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd. at the time of booking. Medical and evacuation expenses are the responsibility of the participant. It is also important that you consult your doctor for vaccination and other medical requirements for your trip before you depart. Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd. reserves the right to require a medical certificate prior to booking your trip or departure.</li><li>Due to bad weather conditions, it may be delayed or canceled your flight or drive; we are not liable for any compensation and any extra cost incurred on the trip but will assist to make an alternative arrangement on extra cost on request.<br/>In the event of civil unrest within a region or country, we undertake to inform our clients of the situation as soon as we have knowledge of it.</li><li>Having made every effort to ensure the correctness of this site, information &amp; brochure we provide, we cannot be held responsible for any inaccuracies.</li><li>These booking conditions may only be waived in special circumstances, and in writing, by a letter from a Director of Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd.</li><li>When making your booking with us you have read and agreed to the booking terms and conditions and abides by them and you understand what is involved in participating with Osho World Adventure Pvt. Ltd. in your chosen trip.</li></ol>
<!-- /wp:list -->