---
ID: 8710
post_title: 'How can you contribute to visit Nepal 2020 campaign as a traveler? #visitNepal2020! Be a part of it!'
author: khim.chhetri
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: >
  http://trekkingtopnepal.com/2019/07/03/how-can-you-contribute-to-visit-nepal-2020-campaign-as-a-traveler-visitnepal2020-be-a-part-of-it/
published: true
post_date: 2019-07-03 11:23:42
---
Have you ever think of "How can you contribute to visit Nepal 2020 [#visitNepal2020] as a traveler? " Well, most of you might have. If you haven't thought, No worries! This is the right blog for you.

<strong>Background: </strong>
<h4>Talking about the history of Visit Nepal Campaigns back in the year 1998 and Nepal Tourism Year 2011, the <a href="https://www.welcomenepal.com/"><strong>Tourism Board of Nepal</strong> </a>has introduced another tourism year, Visit Nepal 2020. Initially, it was promulgated in 2015 and was supposed to held in 2018 but later on, it was postponed to 2020. The Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal’s government has planned to witness the year of 2020 as #VisitNepalYear with the prime motto as “Lifetime Experiences”, aiming to host as many as 2 million globetrotters and holidaymakers from all around the world.</h4>
<h4>Not only it was declared as visit Nepal Year but also, for the 2020 edition of the visit Nepal 2020, the government of Nepal has stationed savvy stratagems to make 2020 year monumental and grand. The government has also shown up with ambitious yet pilot projects keeping two new International Airports in Lumbini and Pokhara in operations. Moreover, the government is also planning to operate Tribhuwan International Airport for auxiliary 3 extra hours from the usual 18 hours to facilitate the availability of services for both approaching and departing foreign nationalities. It is also affirmed that the administration is also collaborating with several countries like Turkey, Japan, UAE, Egypt, and China among a few other nations in order to confirm air services. Besides, above-mentioned agreements the government is planning to revise some acts/policies regarding Nepalese Tourism like Casino rules and regulation, trekking ordinance, and mountaineering expedition enactments.</h4>
<h2><strong>How can you contribute to <a href="https://www.nepalvisit2020.com/">visit Nepal 2020</a> campaign as a traveler?</strong></h2>
As the campaign visit, Nepal is targeted to all the global merrymakers and adventure-seekers, indeed the tourists are the main elements. As a traveler and well-wisher of the majestic masterpiece of Nature Nepal, your small actions can have huge impacts on this campaign. Here are few things one can contribute to<a href="https://trekkingtopnepal.com/2019/06/24/moderate-trek-to-mardi-base-camp-the-most-scenic-trek-in-nepal/"><strong> #visitNepal2020</strong></a> as a simple person, as a wanderer, as a writer, blogger and who not! We everyone can do little support to make this happen.
<h2><strong>1) Buying locally crafted souvenirs </strong></h2>
It is very common that Nepal has been exporting its unique and alluring handicrafts to the neighboring countries and the rest of the world since centuries ago. Currently, more than 100 ethnic groups with their own tradition and culture are residing in Nepal. Wherever you dwell or while <a href="https://trekkingtopnepal.com/activities/trekking-nepal/">hiking in and around Nepal</a>, you will be met by street vendors selling or about to sell intricate and captivating handicrafts such as carved wooden Newari windows, singing bowls to a Tibetan prayer wheel. You can buy these handicrafts in streets, souvenirs shops, supermarkets, and handicraft stores. Buying it from a local street vendor who probably earns less than USD $10 per day is not only a greater humanitarian gesture but also it’s a huge contribution to visit Nepal 2020.

Therefore, supporting local ventures and projects is really a good thing one can carry out during his/her good days. It’s not the case of Nepal, everywhere in the world we should buy the local product so that the trend or their small industries can last for more lives.
<h2><strong>2) Words of Mouth Referral</strong></h2>
We all know that words of mouth are the best ways of recommendation in every campaigns or event. As a traveler or as a well-wish, Nepal is just a developing country, and just spreading a few good words about Nepal after returning back to your home country or from anywhere you reside, it will leave a great positive impact as a recommendation and publicity for Nepal. Now the time has taken over by the world wide web, there are various other effective ways of publicizing in different platforms like writing <a href="https://trekkingtopnepal.com/blog/">blogs</a>, posting photos, sharing photographs, and posting on social media you can refer as words of Mouth.
<h2><strong>3) <a href="https://www.domhimalayahotel.com/en-US/blog/top-20-traditional-nepalese-foods-to-try-other-than-daal-bhaat">Eat in a Local Eatery, relish upon local traditional dishes</a></strong></h2>
Nepal is no newer to international hotels, inn and restaurant chains like KFC and five stars hospitality hosts like Hyatt Regency, Soaltee and Hote Annapurna. However, if you decide to eat in a locally owned Khajaghar[lunch house], it will help to sustain not only that business but also money will get circulated to producers and farmers. As Nepal has a plethora of<a href="https://trekkingtopnepal.com/2019/02/04/top-7-foods-you-must-try-in-nepal/"> Nepalese traditional dishes</a> to offer to everyone from every walks of life, we can choose to eat in this type of community-based food providers.
<h2><strong>4) Hiring Local Guides and Porters</strong></h2>
Simply while traveling in new places<a href="http://www.oshoadventure.com"> local guides and porters</a> might help us with knowledge and by maintaining our backpacks as well as logistics. This process also leads to the creation of job opportunities among Nepalese people who do not have any other forms of employment to support their families. It is not always the issue of money regarding hiring instead you get to learn more about their dialects, culture, traditions and a few daily chores. Traveling and interacting with locals is the best way of exploring.
<h2><strong>5) Practice Sustainable Tourism, Embrace Eco-friendly Moves</strong></h2>
In rural Nepal, most people do not have insights on sustainable tourism hence we as a traveler should help them to practice sustainable steps in the Tourism industry. As Nepal is a fresh and remarkably clean country we should keep this beauty so that we can hand over to our offspring. Hence, we need to be eco-friendlier as we are conscious people. As a wanderer, there are still few things to consider while traveling to make sure that you contribute to its economy and well as in the environment. For instance, one can limit the use of plastic bags and their usage. We can contribute by carrying back the trashes and litter produced by us and dispose of it safely.

If you want to go an extra mile, you can even throw some light of knowledge on local people on how to get rid of the wastage correctly with its aftermath of pros and cons.

&nbsp;

Wish you all great time in Nepal. Simply write to us for hassle-free trips and tours in Nepal. <a href="http://www.hoteldomhimalaya.com">We</a> look forward to hosting you and your loved ones. :)